Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai
I'm not going to shoot you into a hornet's nest today.
Avenge for me
I swear not to be human
Those who dare to touch me have asked me if
Celebrity
How sacred is the centennial celebration of Longxia?
You are now sniping the Heaven Dou Legion here
What is the risk
He wanted to kill me just now
When you shoot me into a hornet's nest
You turn a blind eye
Rush without listening
Now the situation is reversed
You jump out and make irresponsible remarks
It seems that you two are really the same crane
A nest of snakes and mice
I am the founder of the dragon
You are full of vulgar words
This is a big shame for me
I see it now.
Long Xia is because of your ugliness
Involving the existence of scum
The clouds will cover the sun
People are struggling
You never die.
There is no sunshine for lobsters
Above sin
How dare you threaten a lobster
Imperial Preceptor, do you want to rebel?
Dare to call the sun and moon a new day
They support your rebellion
Lin Ce, the traitor of the Chan Ning special dog, is going to rebel today
It's the other way around.
The Tiangong Legion is the other way around
Fruit Don't Panic
self-arrangement
Report to the general army
30,000 Wang family is on standby at the South Gate
And I 50,000 Black Fiend
It is also ready at the east gate.
And my 50,000 White Fiend Army is in position at Westgate
Remnants of Famous Families
Just based on you, there are dozens of people in Tiandou Military Region
How can you possibly compete with me?